added application/octet-stream section (#205)
leaningtech/labs: sites/cheerpx/src/content/docs/11-guides/File-System-support.md

> [!note] Note
> It's important to note that this behavior depends on the current page's URL, as it uses a relative path. For more predictable results, it's recommended to use absolute paths when possible.

### Using `application/octet-stream` for WebDevice directories

To handle files from WebDevices properly, set default_type `application/octet-stream`. This ensures that files are treated as binary data. **Only apply this to WebDevice directories**, or it may cause issues like broken images or malfunctioning scripts.

**Nginx configuration example**:

```nginx
http {
    # Set default type to application/octet-stream for WebDevice directories

>     default_type application/octet-stream;

Reviewer: This example should be structured differently. The file should be identical to the default configuration, and inside there must be a `location` section specific for the WebDevice that set the default mime type _and_ remove all mime type definitions by using `types { }`

We should also add a example line that creates the WebDevice to show that the path is the same used in the `location` section

> [!note] Note
> It's important to note that this behavior depends on the current page's URL, as it uses a relative path. For more predictable results, it's recommended to use absolute paths when possible.

### Using `application/octet-stream` for WebDevice directories

> To handle files from WebDevices properly, set default_type `application/octet-stream`. This ensures that files are treated as binary data. **Only apply this to WebDevice directories**, or it may cause issues with image loading and JavaScript execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To handle files from WebDevices properly, make sure the `application/octet-stream` MIME type is applied. This ensures that files are treated as binary data. **Only apply this to WebDevice directories**, or it may cause issues with image loading and JavaScript execution.
```

The purpose of this change is to tell the user _what_ is going on, before telling him _how_

**Creating the Webdevice:**

```js
// The path must match the nginx location block (e.g., /webdevice in the nginx configuration)
const webDevice = await CheerpX.WebDevice.create("/webdevice");
```

**Nginx configuration example**:

```nginx
worker_processes  1;
error_log   nginx_main_error.log info;
pid nginx_user.pid;
daemon off;

events {
    worker_connections  1024;
}

http {
    default_type  application/octet-stream;
    access_log  nginx_access.log;
    error_log   nginx_error.log info;

    sendfile        on;

> 	add_header 'Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy' 'same-origin' always;

Reviewer: Check indentation here

	add_header 'Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy' 'require-corp' always;

    server {
        listen       8080;
        server_name  localhost;

        gzip on;

>         gzip_types application/javascript application/wasm text/plain application/octet-stream;

Reviewer: This is wrong, we need to make sure compression is _not_ applied to these otherwise HTTP byte ranges won't work.

```js
// The path must match the nginx location block (e.g., /webdevice in the nginx configuration)
const webDevice = await CheerpX.WebDevice.create("/webdevice");
```

**Nginx configuration example**:

```nginx
worker_processes  1;
error_log   nginx_main_error.log info;
pid nginx_user.pid;
daemon off;

events {
    worker_connections  1024;
}

http {
    default_type  application/octet-stream;
    access_log  nginx_access.log;
    error_log   nginx_error.log info;

    sendfile        on;

    server {
        listen       8080;
        server_name  localhost;

        gzip on;
        gzip_types application/javascript application/wasm text/plain application/octet-stream;

        charset utf-8;

        location / {
            root .;
            index  index.html index.htm;
            add_header 'Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy' 'same-origin' always;
            add_header 'Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy' 'require-corp' always;
        }

        location /webdevice/ {
            root .;
            autoindex on;
            types { }
            default_type application/octet-stream;
            add_header 'Cross-Origin-Opener-Policy' 'same-origin' always;

>             add_header 'Cross-Origin-Embedder-Policy' 'require-corp' always;

Reviewer: Can we add the headers only once outside of the location blocks, or by nesting location blocks? Unsure if that is supported or not, but let's try to avoid duplication if we can

        }

    }
}
```

> To verify it's working, simply navigate to `http://localhost:8080/webdevice/` in your browser.

Reviewer: This does not verify much, you get the autoindex which is the same thing you would get before configuring the mime types. A complete CX example would be more valuable here, but it might be too long for this section.

Author: Since we're going to add the references with all examples, I think that would be a nice place to add a complete example for it
